hey what's up everybody and welcome to
today's episode of learning from the
pros joining me today is Justin row he
is the founder of impactable they are a
B2B LinkedIn ads agency welcome Justin
thank you so much for having me excited
to be here I'm super pumped man this is
the first time we've connected you know
like we've been connected on LinkedIn
for a while but this is the first time
we're actually meeting first face to
face and I I'm like super excited to
pick your brain and learn your tips and
dive deeper into today's topic so before
we started recording was talking with
Justin I was like ah what's the angle we
want to take with today's show where do
we want to go with this and he touched
on a lot of the tips he's going to share
today are not traditional tips you would
hear in terms of improving your LinkedIn
ads performance so the whole angle of
today's show is going to be really
around 10 unorthodox tips to get better
results from your LinkedIn ad campaigns
so Justin why don't you just start us
off with like a quick background on
yourself and your experience and then we
can get started with your first
tip cool uh kind of a 30 second overview
original company I founded a company
called link LinkedIn lead generation
agency so I cut my teeth on that side
and I uh kind of grew that agency
through self-taught YouTube videos
trying to learn so very much A lot of
the stuff that you're putting out there
um I was I was consuming and trying to
learn myself I grew that agency to about
200 or so clients and then it was
actually acquired I had a majority
buyout and I pivoted so I still uh
maintained some ownership but pivoted
into impactable and have been growing
that but through growing my own startup
and learning marketing myself I kind of
realized that marketing and multi-
channel marketing was something like I
was very passionate about and so now I
mean running a marketing agency and
being very passionate about marketing
comes hand in hand but yeah along the
the series of tips like when I'm going
to suggest how to optimize or the best
tips for LinkedIn ads sometimes it goes
outside of LinkedIn ads because you have
to make sure you have this Foundation or
you introduce this and then you know
even without touching LinkedIn ads if
you do some of this other stuff your
campaigns in there will will become more
optimized um so that's kind of how I got
to this point and what uh where I'm
coming from what kind of my insights or
angles yeah I'm I'm super excited by the
way the the whole mergers and
acquisition like selfishly I feel like
that could be a whole other show like
your top 10 tips like Lessons Learned
going through m&as for sure like that's
that's a that's a great topic so why
don't you um kick us off with tip number
one yeah let's do it uh tip number one
is and it sounds silly because this
should be basic but absolutely harness
LinkedIn ads Insight tag to the fullness
so install it make sure you're
collecting your retargeting audiences I
can't tell you how many sophisticated
companies I've seen running LinkedIn ads
and I look in there and they're just
running a lot of cold ads saturating a
small group or trying to attack a big
group and they don't have the LinkedIn
ads insights tag installed they have no
opportunity to do retargeting or they
had it installed and they don't have the
proper audiences set up and it's just to
me that's a really expensive way to run
LinkedIn ads uh and any platform you
should really be leveraging that pixel
but linkedin's pixel has a lot of
additional benefits so really make sure
you utilize that to its
fullness and just just to unpack that so
that's as simple as just installing that
VI Google tag manager across your site
make sure it's firing and it's actually
uh
counting yeah that and then I feel like
some of the other platforms like once
you install it it automatically is
collecting LinkedIn operates a little
different like you do actually then have
to go in and actually set up your 30 90
or you know 180 day website uh
retargeting audiences within LinkedIn
until those are created they're not
collecting so if you install the the
Insight tag and then three months later
you try to set up your audiences it's
not retroactive like it's not collecting
until you set those up but if you once
you're running LinkedIn ads if you
didn't set up like company page visitors
as a ret targeting audience those are
retroactive so you can always go back
and grab those but the website visitors
to me that some of the most intentful
traffic like people you did something to
get them all the way there and so it's a
shame to kind of like not be leveraging
that uh and capturing those to do
something with them down the road yeah
totally that's a that's a good it's it's
a shame yeah you've had that thing
installed for six months then you never
went the extra extra step to actually
build the audiences and now you have to
wait yeah that's a good one what about
uh number
two so number two and so yeah for the
for this second one we'll step outside
of LinkedIn and one of the best things
that I recommend a lot to improve your
LinkedIn ads results is actually make
sure you have a decent paid search
strategy Google ads Bing or you know
paid listing that paid search can do
wonders because LinkedIn ads as amazing
as the targeting is the truth is you're
starting with a an ice cold audience who
isn't searching for you it didn't ask
for your solution there's no indicator
that they have a A desperate need you're
trying to take them from unaware to
aware to building trust to converting
and then making sure they you're top of
mind for when they actually have a need
so the beauty about introducing paid
search traffic in the right volume is
there's people literally searching for
what you do they're searching for the
solution they're researching the pain
points you solve so if you can
supplement and bring that into your
ecosystem LinkedIn ads again if you have
the Insight tag installed and you have
your retargeting you can then retarget
and convert and it's a it's a way
shorter sales cycle to step in front of
people who are actually in market and
then work on building trust and
converting versus yeah literally
starting from ice cold trying to build
awareness trying to convince them
there's a problem convincing them you
have the solution and building enough
trust to convert uh so supplementing and
leaning into paid search in a Smart Way
can absolutely be one of the biggest
things that that help drive your the
success of your LinkedIn ads and that's
a really great combination I'm curious
Justin what's been your experience
around like audience sizes so maybe
somebody hearing this is like that's
that's such a awesome tip we are running
paid search or we should be running paid
search but are you just saying just to
unpack it are are you saying that in
practice this would look like somebody
creating a retargeting audience with the
UTM source of their paid search
campaigns to like create a segment just
of that or they're just part of the
overall retargeting pool and now you're
able to expose them so I would say for
90% of people it's more the second one
that you're getting more uh High intent
in Market traffic on your website the
LinkedIn Insight tag picks up on all of
your traffic not just what's sent by
LinkedIn so all of that kind of gets
mixed in and helps pull in a a a bigger
audience but also an audience that
includes more inm Market traffic um I
have seen some nice funded startups with
like if if you're spending 30 40 50
60,000 you know or more on paid search
it is very possible
that you would then maybe benefit more
from a more specific retargeting
audience especially like what I have
seen when you're spending at that level
is there's core converting like your
bread and butter campaigns and then
there's usually like a decent chunk of
exploratory maybe top of funnel you have
other things that are are kind of going
so then if you're if you're sending that
much traffic to your website from Paid
search you might then even more benefit
from saying hey these are my core bread
and butter exactly what I do I want to
segment and yeah tap into the UTM create
a retargeting audience and specifically
stay in front of that group and have a
dedicated budget that isn't over diluted
by all of my website traffic because
yeah that could that could be beneficial
but for for most it's just about
improving your overall website traffic
and improving the quality of that
traffic that LinkedIn has to work from
it's such a good reminder because I'm
just thinking about so many SAS
companies specifically that are spending
thousands upon thousands of dollars on
search every single month and a lot of
Brands especially if you're PC backed
and you're really investing in search in
a big way you probably have so much
traffic on your site that you can take
it the a step further and filter down by
the UTM source and then just create this
really really high intent pool that you
can then retarget to with some some demo
ads or something like that yeah
exactly all right uh tip number
three and that is actually it bleeds
into tip number three so with paid
search this is going to be the only
other paid search one so it's not like
this is be you came here for LinkedIn ad
steps and we're all paid search but
really with your paid search strategy
again like I think paid search is an
absolute foundational layer of most
marketing but I also think it's one of
the biggest areas of waste in most
organizations and so really looking at
the Search terms that you're bidding for
and looking at the intent of it and
there's one thing like a paid search
specialist they can optimize for you
know cost per click and click through
rate and share of expression share of
impression but it takes someone on the
other side of the fence who knows who
intimately knows the organization what
we offer and what you know problem we
solve to look at those terms and really
judge the intent and quality and and
think like is this what we want to step
in front of and then yeah I absolutely
think that if you have a high volume of
high intense search traffic you could
definitely then segment that out and
have a very specific retargeting
campaign especially like there's
different segments like if they're if
they're looking for one of your
competitors and you're stepping in front
of that and then you specifically take
that segment of traffic and have
retargeting ads on LinkedIn speaking to
comparisons and showing you know yeah
comparison images and and whatnot or
case studies around that but there's so
much you can do with with paid search
but I feel like I can't just tell people
to you know do paid search they they
really do need to then look at the
quality of the intent really dial into
that and that can have a huge dramatic
impact on a lot of the other things you
do this is such a big one on the search
side of things because people confus use
all the time they think because they're
bidding on a keyword that's what they're
appearing for but ultimately you bid on
keywords and you pay for Search terms so
you could be bidding on the keyword you
know CRM software and then you could be
showing up for something completely
random and not related especially now
with match types getting looser and
looser it's it's a real concern we
actually recently we brought on a client
that's like in Thea space and they they
do like a2a management and they were
bidding on keywords related to HOA and
then you go into the search rooms report
and and it was like uh landlord
household applian like just random
things it just didn't make any sense and
in their case they were using broad
match too which didn't help but uh
definitely that's a that's a really
important one review the intent of your
Search terms one other like tactical
thing to is just go to Google and
actually simulate the search and then
look at the the results that pop up and
then just go through them and understand
like okay just like you do an SEO right
like what's the what's the intent behind
the search term what's the result that's
appearing and then you can kind of make
those inferences in that analysis to
understand okay what are people actually
looking for and then also like the
little suggestion box is helpful because
then you can also get like further
insights into the query and the intent
behind the query to just you know but to
your point there's nothing better than
somebody that knows the business knows
the buyer and then you just send them an
export to the search trims report and
you're like hey would you pay for this
and then just see what they have to say
absolutely because I think there's so
much confusion like know we could
probably have a whole session on
I'm very passionate about that too
because I feel like I can't do my job
successfully as a LinkedIn ads agency
because I feel like that's a middle of
the funnel like hero but I I need other
stuff in place but you're right like you
don't have to be a paid search expert if
you're on the other side and you're like
on the receiving and get like the thing
I would have in front of me like either
weekly or monthly is yeah give me a
breakdown of my cost by search term and
let me look at it and and logically
think if this makes sense because the
the information I give a paid search
agency what they set up and then yeah to
your point what actually gets paid for
and comes off the other side like there
can be it's like a game of telephone
sometimes but if someone on the on my on
the org side looks they should be able
to logically decide and then you know
ship it back to the specialist to
optimize build out the negatives you
know you don't need to be I don't need
to be expert on that side but I should
be able to logically agree with the
traffic I'm stepping in front of and
that is is huge and then it's also like
that's so informative too I guess I
don't think I have this one but if then
you see your top conting terms I should
be stealing that messaging and
transferring it over to like how I talk
about my product how I you know what
aspects of this are most searched for
that's probably great messaging insights
for other things so I I think these
things bleed together uh so well but
yeah there's a huge gap in understanding
from like the or leaders and how these
channels are running and what they can
do to help uh improve it without you
don't need to jump in there and optimize
or figure out bidding structure or
mechanics or anything like that to be
impactful
a th% uh Pro tip ask whoever is running
your Google ads to schedule a Search
terms report and they can send you a
search room report from the Google ads
interface on like a weekly Cadence
monthly bi-weekly like I think you can
even go as low as like hourly so you
really want to see what's going on you
can get access to those insights all
right uh tip number
four uh so this one again less LinkedIn
mechanics but uh very important I'm a
firm believer especially now more than
ever in video content so if you don't
have video content in your current
LinkedIn ads ecosystem I believe it is a
super uh you know very high impactful
format and then building on that and I
think I might touch on this later but
you know the very next question is what
kind of AD or what kind of videos I
believe thought leadership subject
matter expert guest posting or guest
spots on podcasts like third party
validation events those kind of things
like make amazing video content and then
those make amazing LinkedIn ads and
that's a really powerful format that's
still under underutilized on this
platform
especially that's such a good tip so
like you go on a podcast uh like right
now right like you're on this one so we
can send you the mp4 file and then after
you can cut it and then now you can use
it for your LinkedIn ads and you you put
it into your ecosystem yeah and I would
put it in retargeting so like a lot of
times like yeah my whole purpose the
whole purpose of cold is to get on their
radar and grab their attention with like
what is relevant to what you want to be
grabbing their attention for so not
something silly or clever but a little
more straightforward and then
retargeting I want them to see me as the
expert in my space and you can make the
best ad in the world telling people how
great you are but it's way more powerful
if someone else acknowledges you as an
expert in your space than for you to
constantly be acknowledging yourself so
yeah these this uh these clips like this
is great uh because you're essentially
acknowledging that I must have some
expertise to have me on here and that
does way better than any clever ad I can
make for myself that's huge that's such
a good point I'm curious in you know in
your context in the agency world it's
like you're in the expertise business
right so like you demonstrating
expertise in advance makes a ton of
sense right because that's going to get
you more clients it's going to get you
more attaction
Etc just for the listeners listening do
you how do you feel that applies to a
product context like somebody who has a
SAS do you think the same also applies
in terms of the weight of that
yeah it's it is it is a little different
because you're right I'm in the service
business and and showing my expertise as
is a huge Advantage now I've seen this
executed very very well on the SAS side
and I guess the way it looks is if you
can show thirdparty validation of other
Smart Companies and smart leaders
leveraging your software to solve their
problems then other people who have
those problems are way more apt to trust
you to solve them as well if you can
show that other people are signifying
that so it's less about you showing your
personal expertise how you personally
solve them but more how yeah I guess uh
in that context it it works very
similar yeah I think that's a great
point I'm curious just to dig into the
you touched on it but so remarketing
we're really the focus of the video
content is build that expertise through
thirdparty validation and then for
prospecting how are you thinking about
that you did touch on it briefly so in
my in my cold campaigns on LinkedIn I
tried to be a little more
straightforward so I I don't want it to
be vague in the first like 10 seconds or
in headline I want to be very clear like
you know re offer Linked In ads we offer
B2B Marketing Solutions like on this
platform and so if that doesn't interest
you you know I don't necessarily want
just click so if I yeah if I really just
wanted attention I would make like
clever funny memes about B2B in general
it would get crazy click-through rates
but it would give me a hodg podge of
traffic that would over dilute my
retargeting so my cold ones are a little
more dry a little promotional actually
and more like hey this is what we do
this is the problem we solve these are
the main things that people hire us for
or the main things they're struggling
with that we solve either you're
overpaying on management fees or they're
you're underd delivering you have an
in-house team that doesn't have LinkedIn
as expertise you've contracted a
broadspectrum marketing agency that
isn't getting LinkedIn it's due you know
diligence that it deserves we can solve
that problem we can do this or this so
it's way more dry and direct and
promotional and then in retargeting I
can I have a lot more free range of what
I can put in front of them to move the
needle on trust and personality and
things like that I see it's almost like
the way I'm interpreting what you're
saying it's you're using the message
behind the video to act as a because you
can the advantage of LinkedIn is you can
filter by the person right like the
title or the company or vice versa but
you you can't filter for their intent
right or their fit or their need so
you're using the message as like this
pseudo filter within the filters to
resonate with the right people and then
ideally the wrong people would because
then you're just building this like
remarketing audience of fluff right like
to you you mention I want to get the
most engagement possible I just run
memes and like you know I'd crush it but
then now you just have a bunch of people
who like memes but they don't
necessarily want like agency Services
yeah and it's it's kind of like the the
debate that's been going on for a while
not really debate but the conversation
around like lead gen versus demand gen
and one of the things is like if you
tell a Savvy marketer like put me put me
in an in-house position and you tell me
that my bonus structure is getting you
leads and you tell me you don't actually
care about the quality of the leads like
you know what I'm gonna do I'm going to
get you the lowest price trashiest leads
you've ever seen in your life not
because I'm a terrible like marketer but
because that's what I'm incentivized to
do now if you tell me that I'm getting
paid uh for Quality leads and the close
rates of those leads my tactic changes
dramatically so yeah I actually want to
create some friction between who sees my
ad and who engages with it because I
want those clicks and those engagements
to mean something so yeah you're right
the messaging should create some
additional friction should kind of
qualify the click and and improve the
quality of it theoretically I just
imagine putting together like a collage
of like baby pictures or like baby like
cute babies with cats and dogs and then
you just run it as a lead magnet you're
like you know come check out like cute
baby pic or something and you get like
leads for 30 cents or something and and
I learned from this like organic ically
first my my most viral LinkedIn post of
all time I believe was like me saying
making a meme of the video me pulling
out not me but a video of a someone
opening an office drawer with a cute kid
Kitty in there and it was like my B2B
stress relief whatever like want viral
didn't get a single lead from it if that
was an ad that traffic quality would
have been crap my most impactful post
might get a fraction of the Impressions
but I'd get two or three or four inbound
requests saying hey that was really
interesting can I get that framework
that you you listed and then a week
later hey I've been training to
implement your framework and I just want
to hire you guys to do it like so yeah I
learned really quickly like popular and
intention grabbing doesn't necessarily
mean like intent and and leads and and
you should be chasing the right stuff
totally all right tip number
five so this one is kind of back outside
of LinkedIn again but you need a
constant communication with your sales
team and and this goes to like the lead
quality so it's one thing to if you just
have a channel partner and you say Okay
I want to get a lower cost per click and
I want to get a better click the rate
and I want to get you more leads for a
lower price but there needs to be a
close loop with sales to tell you a
reality check on the quality of those
because I've seen so many sales orgs
that say I don't like any of the leads
like I actually cringe when they dump
all these LinkedIn leads on my plate
because they're to a cold audience
they're broad broad targeting have no
intent and it's a waste to my freaking
time to go after these they're garbage
so I think one of the best things you
can do as a a LinkedIn either marketing
motion or to optimize it is have a
consistent reality check with sales on
the quality of what that looks like down
pipeline versus what you're just seeing
in the channel so less of a channel
optimization and more of a big picture
down the down
the yep that's such a necessary point on
tip on that is set up lead alerts so
have a shared slack Channel with alerts
and then if you're using lead forms it's
super straightforward to do with zappier
or something like this you can push the
notifications of those alerts with all
the leads that are coming in and then
you can just have your sales team train
them be like hey thumbs up emoji on the
good ones thumbs down emoji on the bad
ones and like that's something something
we do example and it's super easy and
it's like real-time feedback on good bad
good bad right and then uh if you're
driving to your website then you could
set up some sort of automation off of
that form being submitted and then it
drives into the channel and now you're
getting this real-time
feedback I like that and even just like
a simple monthly call you know to check
in and and review the actual pipeline
like could help but yeah something
that's automated and something that
gives you real-time feedback you can
make faster pivots and be like yeah a
week into this I I see everything like
90% of this is garbage I could make some
optimizations a little faster like yeah
that would be really nice totally all
right tip number six uh this one is a
little more routine you should have like
some kind of monthly quarter lead
maintenance that you're doing on your ad
account I think most channels should
have something like this but these are
things like making sure if you launch
new video campaigns that those uh video
view audiences are new video view
audiences are created and then connected
to the middle of the funnel you should
check you make sure insights tag is
still active and picking up traffic I've
seen way too many times where that goes
dark no one picks it up for months and
months because it's not something you
routinely check uh you should be
checking the settings making sure how
much of your ad budget's staying on
LinkedIn and what's being shipped off to
LinkedIn Audience Network make sure
conversion tracking events are active
and working I've seen thank you Pages
change on the website but not get
updated in the channel and unless you
have some basic monthly maintenance
routine or quarterly just like you do
for your health or for your vehicle
anything like that like it could easily
go Ary and no one would notice until you
know you've lost a lot of money that you
shouldn't have lost so some basic
monthly routine I do have a checklist
somewhere uh that I could share after or
if gets attached to this but you should
have some think about it and have some
maintenance that is just boring but kind
of essential to health long term I
totally agree with this when I in the
day when I used to do was on upw work
and I was doing white label work for
different agencies behind the scenes I
was I remember I would struggle in the
beginning to like manage 15 different
Google ad accounts and then I eventually
created a checklist for myself cuz it's
so easy to get into an ad account and
then you just kind of get lost you're
like oh you start looking at one thing
before know you look up it's like an
hour later you didn't do actually
achieve anything you know you just got
distracted so I basically put together
this checklist and um we actually give
it away in our Google ads courses in
Google ads 102 and it was like the daily
weekly monthly things that I must do and
then I would schedule in my Google
Calendar I'm like okay weekly
optimization you know and I would go in
and actually do it and it's it's like
that it's I call it the boring work but
it's like the boring work that if you
stack it up over time it is the work
that makes the difference
yeah and uh it's funny that you say like
upw workk like I have a lot of respect
for anyone who was able to carve out
some kind of like book of business or
tracktion on upwork I was on there
that's how I got my start before like my
my official Revenue was from upwork
until I got my first $500 like website
that a college kid built for me to then
launch into a more official agency but
uh it's kind of a brutal place to uh you
know just start out and get experience
but uh man I feel we need to have
another podcast on like stories like I
literally yeah it was like 3 months to
make money I was like cold calling it
was brutal and then I got an upwork I
was setting proposal every day and
eventually like yeah I got just got a
little bit of traction then it's
snowball that's actually where I came
across my first SAS client was on upwork
by chance and then that led me down a
series of pavs yeah that could be a
whole series too my my first gig I got
on upwork I was doing like the moon for
this client for $350 a month because I
was just trying to get some some
experience and some like some ratings
and then like I slowly like up my price
but like that experience was like
invaluable it's like Market testing uh
see what people actually want you see
like what people are actually posting
work for because I had my idea of how I
could help people on linked in and then
I saw what people actually wanted and I
you know that was yeah that could be a
whole thing too the number one killer of
campaigns is poor expectations and I I
learned that early on with these like
clients like that it's like you know
they're spending 400 bucks a month
they're expecting 160 clients a month
and just like yeah yeah anyways tip
number
seven tip number seven experiment with
Organic content and linkedin's algorithm
so on on LinkedIn specifically one of
the things I love to do is test
organically you can test at high volumes
get stuff out there see what resonates
with your audience see what uh actually
attracts inbound meaningful DMS and
leads and that's the stuff that does
amazing as ads and so it can be really
expensive to test that as ads first if
you have an organic motion where you're
testing and learning and then amplifying
and the best part is you don't have to
learn what content works and then like
recreate and start from scratch on on
LinkedIn ad side you can literally take
that best performing post that brought
inbound leads that has 50 likes and 30
comments and you can just sponsor it and
become a thought leader ad so then it
becomes this Evergreen asset that you
can have highly targeted and live
forever and continue you know to work in
your sleep versus obviously you know the
organic grind uh can be brutal and
anything especially these days they're
tanking like your reach and it feels
like it's a a whole battle to like stay
relevant and keep an engag following and
and so figuring out what works
organically testing there and amplifying
on the PID out side is is a really nice
combo yeah 100% And especially now with
thought leader ads it's even easier
which is great you know just taking the
exact same post from somebody and then
and then boosting it it's
awesome all right number
eight use LinkedIn thought leader ads so
kind of goes right into that the
LinkedIn thought leader ads are amazing
and you can do text only text an image
you can do video mobile video square but
they are they are really high performing
uh format the exact same content posted
from a personal profile versus from your
company page the personal profile will
beat it every single time even it's
exactly the same but posting from
personal profile I feel like it also
forces you to change your mindset like
would I post this boring corporate crap
for my personal profile no probably not
like I would want it to feel more human
i' would want it to feel more natural
I'd want it to feel like something
someone would actually want in their
feed so it also forces I think like a
mindset shift with what you would post
from there but then yeah even if you did
post boring corporate crap from your
personal profile and Amplified it with
thought leader ads it would perform
better so it's a great format and I
highly recommend that being part of most
ORS Arsenal that's a good point I I mean
it's like are you willing to put your
ass on the line in a way you know like
are you willing to like you can't hide
behind a logo it's your face it's your
name so are you willing to be associated
with that and that's like a it's a good
frame of mind to have as well even when
you are posting on the company account
you know like is this congruent like is
this your best thing are you willing to
push this behind you I'm curious what
the thought leader ads versus the
company page post you know when you're
saying like oh they do better
What specifically are you referring to
like what kind of metrics are you seeing
doing better so judging um like
conversions and leads gets a little
harder because there's not like a direct
CTA button that doesn't then hit your
website traffic with a clean UTM that
you can track uh but LinkedIn does
pretty good like if if that ad was
exposed to them and then they end up on
a thank you page on your website it
connects the dots and also you can check
like on the back end organic search
traffic usually spikes when you go that
direction versus say the other but from
when I switched uh and it's also like
the engagements of that uh are all
tracked and then are able to be pulled
into retargeting so building retargeting
audiences actually gets a lot faster um
and then you got to be careful because
you could over dilute your retargeting
audience with all those light
interactions so um but yeah when I
switched my personal uh my personal
strategy from more single image to
thought leader uh there was probably a
15 or 20% incremental increase and I had
been trying to leverage like that idea
for for years I used to take my best
performing posts uh and I would
screenshot them um making sure I got
like the likes and the comments uh in
the bottom of the screenshot and then I
would use that as a single image ad on
LinkedIn and so I knew like part of the
power is if you launch an ad and and the
Facebook advertisers I've known this for
years like that have they accumulate
likes and comments and the more they
accumulate that social proof the more
powerful they get so even just being
able to start with you know 30 likes and
five comments or 10 comments or
something as opposed to starting from
scratch like you're going to be light
years ahead of even a a better like you
know objectively better ad that's
starting from scratch and so there's
just so many advantages to it that kind
of let it uh beat out the competition in
terms of results and yeah I don't just
say in cost per click and click through
eight because those are going to be
overly inflated because they call like
everything a click but the actual
results conversions DMS and things like
that that you get from that I feel very
strongly it's a it's a really nice part
of like a mix for most yeah before
thought leader ads uh you you nailed it
like with the Facebook advertisers like
we would create company pages and then
we would just make a fake company page
we would name it ourself like you know
your name and then you'd put a picture
of yourself and that's kind of like your
way of having this personal level
identity at scale with ads and I saw a
couple people doing the same thing on
LinkedIn as well before thought leader
ads so like kind of being creative about
it but now with this format it's it's so
much easier you touched on something
Justin around like stacking the organic
engagements and all that social proof on
the ads from the organic
engagement LinkedIn rolled out the
account level UTM tracking templates and
in my opinion one of the best things
about that feature is the fact that now
you can reuse the same ad across
multiple campaigns and the UTM doesn't
break anymore because you have to have
like a unique UTM string for each
individual ad so if you're using that
account level tracking template like you
can reuse the same post across multiple
campaigns and then just continue to
stack the social proof across all the
different
entities yeah and and I yeah that I love
it's annoying because some companies
will will tie your hands behind your
back and they'll say no I want a
separate UTM for each of these and it's
like that's that could be a whole
separate conversation too like when you
choose to create a marketing strategy
around what you can track versus
choosing a marketing strategy and then
figuring out how to best track it like
that's a that's a big you know just
mistake of where you're starting at the
starting point uh but I've seen people
prioritize that for whatever reason many
many times yeah to give those people
Solace if you're one of them listening
to this with the with the tracking
templates that LinkedIn rolled out they
have Dynamic parameters so they can
dynamically pull in the campaign name
now they can dynamically pull in the
creative ID so you can get the
flexibility of like that Nuance but at
scale with that template which is which
is really cool they're coming along
L yeah you know honestly like I feel
like the past year and a half they've
done more than like the previous three
combined so it's a it's a really cool
Trend all right tip number
nine uh LinkedIn ad scheduling uh I'm a
big fan of this obviously I'm a little
biased because we developed a tool
called demand sense and the first thing
we rolled out was I just needed to be
able to do what every other AD platform
allows me to do make sure my ads aren't
running you know in the middle of the
night or when I don't want them to run
esally if you have smaller budgets you
want to be a little more uh strategic
with when your ads run I like to you
know usually run like I'll run like most
of the time like 5 to you know 2 pm I'll
have them shut off for the afternoon I
have them come back on in the evening
I'll have a a different schedule for the
weekend sometime like I don't run on
like Saturday mornings I love like the
weekend afternoons or Sunday evening is
still great but I love to be able to
curate and then the other thing like
LinkedIn has the $10 a day minimum which
you know then if doing that like and you
have a smaller budget uh then you're
kind of limited to how many campaigns
you could run with ad scheduling not
just scheduling the time of ads but also
rotating I could have one campaign
running Monday Wednesday Friday I have
another one running Tuesday Thurday
Thursday Saturday so for the same $10 a
day I could run twice as many campaigns
or you know some mixture of that and so
it just gives a lot of it's especially
helpful for smaller budgets maybe some
of the bigger budgets like it won't be
as impactful to some degree except maybe
just optimizing where that bulk is
getting spent but I would say Ad
scheduling and again Shameless plug we
have a tool called demand
sense you know it's less than $100 a
month that's what I would use but
there's also like I think other
lightweight tools that do something
similar
but make sure to to to link it uh in the
in the show notes for everybody I'm
curious on the your experience with
LinkedIn ad scheduling given that it's
not a a public feature at the moment and
you probably have done a bunch of
testing on the agency side how have you
you seen the discrepancy of like volume
like with ad scheduling versus
not so I would say like we're doing some
tests and we're we've been doing a lot
of tests and we're going to publish
those um some of the cases like the big
one that everyone seems to be worried
about and and I get it like from other
platforms is does it disrupt it's it's
pausing and starting like campaigns does
it disrupt learning phase is it better
for like an ABM approach is it better
for like large Tams so I would say like
the the place where maybe ad scheduling
is not the most effective is if you have
a really big target audience and it's in
the cold layer and and you would be
probably relying more on linkedin's kind
of like learning phase to understand
what pockets of that they should
advertise to and if you're constantly
starting and stopping it every day and
and there's no learning phase that does
seem to be less effective in retargeting
with ABM with other uh most of the other
layers like middle and bottom the funnel
ad scheduling seems to be pretty
effective and I would say again like
it's probably if you're spending if if
you're spending less than 20 or $30,000
a month I think ad scheduling is even
more impactful because with big budgets
I feel like the budgets you know yeah
with big budgets it's kind of less you
need less finesse but I would say like
think about this like if you have a
decent target audience and and and
you're running ads there's a lot of
times that like they start on UTC time
so it's 8:00 pm Eastern and if you don't
have a huge budget there's a lot of
times where you could spend a decent
chunk of your budget before five or six
the next day most of and so yeah so
before the day even start so in those
cases again if you have a massive budget
you're not going to run into that
problem so I would say it's not a volume
because most people they just yeah most
small normal advertisers are just not
able to get their ad dollars ending at
the times that they would be most
impactful and they're just kind of at
that mercy so yeah you're you're going
to get the same volume you're just going
to get it at a more impactful time for
the most part that's a good way maybe
massive maybe budgets would show some
like limitation or
because they're they're not having a
problem getting all their budget out
there and having it stay out there all
day they have a different problem and
yeah maybe they still can optimize it
but more impactful for the smaller
budgets I think small to medium yeah and
one tip for all the the poor folk or
resource constrained people listening to
this is uh you could you know it is more
work but you could just use like the
bulk import feature from LinkedIn and
then just like set a Cadence for
yourself to just go in and like bulk
pause and then bulk restart and like
that you you know it's kind of like a a
workaround if you if you can't afford
something I was doing it manually for a
while like testing before we had this
and I'm like I'm gonna turn it off at
night I'm gonna turn on when I wake up
in the morning and I'm gonna like turn
it off at different times or yeah do do
something like you said with the bulk
import but yeah having it on an automa
schedule is kind of nice totally all
right the 10th and final tip
Justin um so this one's a little more
hacker Vibes and hopefully LinkedIn
doesn't uh well actually I won't talk
about the automation side of this but
you can infer what other things you can
do with this so one of the things I like
to do because I'm testing with Organic
I'm amplifying with thought leader ads
uh sales Navigator has a filter that you
can make because one of the things is
I'm not getting you know not all the
traffics making into your website not
all that's making to your company page
where it's pixeled and retargeted a lot
of it's checking your personal profile
out and what are you going to do with
that you have all these profile viewers
you can either manually go through that
see if there's ICP fits and then you
know Reach Out try to figure out some
Cadence so what I've done is two things
sales Navigator search group that says
if they've recently viewed my profile
they're a second and third or third
connection so they're not connected to
me and they meet my ICP criteria so I
set a company size and seniority level
and things like that so ICP fit people
who have viewed my profile that I'm not
connected to I simply send connection
requests and a simple introduction
message when they accept about 60%
connection acceptance rate and I'm not
cold pitching them with a 15 message you
know spam it's usually hey you know I
saw you checked out my profile and I
thought we'd connect if you ever have
any questions about LinkedIn ads or want
to talk about B2B marketing you know
just let me know and here's the link to
the the resources that people are
usually asking me for and that's it like
just introduce myself they already know
who I am because they already checked me
out and I'm delivering value and then
that's it and if they click into those
and then they find their way on my
website they're getting roped into
actual retargeting or a lot of times
there might be follow-up questions
Clarity do you work with this company
have you experience with this like and
so that works really well so I would say
yeah getting the most out of your motion
by either we could go down website
visitor identification but uh I think
the LinkedIn profile uh viewers and
optimizing that flow is is worthwhile
especially if you're using that
combination I mentioned
earlier that's so fire um yeah I'm not
doing that so I'm I'm definitely going
to implement that that's awesome so I'm
curious have you tested like no message
versus having just like just sending a
connection request so again my my the
original agency that I founded and was
acquired was a LinkedIn automated lead
generation agency so I've used a dozen
different tools expand and sales flow
and Sky lead and all these different
things so yeah I would say especially if
they viewed your profile I don't have a
connection request message my my poker
experience tells me to do the opposite
of what everyone else is doing so hey
Sam I saw you it actually looks less
human these days than just sending
nothing so I send no connection request
uh message I just asked a request and
then yeah it's a very kind of informal I
don't even personalize even though I can
personalize my next message it's just
like hey it sounds more formal and uh
yeah you could use something really
lightweight like Phantom Buster to
automate both of those it checks the
sales nav search refreshes it and then
you have a little flow you don't have to
worry about it shows you stats um but
that's a nice little float you can check
it out all right so many gems uh let's
do a quick recap here for everybody
watching at home so tip number one was
to harness the LinkedIn ads Insight tag
make sure that it's actually installed
and then go the Second Step this is such
an important tip that you actually built
your website retargeting audiences
because if not uh you're going to be so
second one was to have a decent paid
search strategy that you can Leverage to
drive more high- intent traffic into
your overall retargeting ecosystem if
you have the luxury of size then for
sure you could take it a step further
and experiment with creating a
remarketing audience based on your UTM
structure but it's not necessary like
even just driving more High intent
visitors into your ecosystem is going to
result in good things uh tip number
three was to review the intent of your
Search terms because at the end of the
day you bid on keywords and you pay for
Search terms so make sure you're showing
up for the right stuff and have some of
somebody in your company ideally on
sales that knows your ICP knows the
problems and ask them hey would you pay
for this tip number four was to leverage
video content inside of your ecosystem
so Justin gave some good tips here he
said for cold audiences try to really
leverage a promotional type posts that
really speak to what you do and only
somebody who's interested or who could
potentially be a good fit would respond
to it so you don't build your
remarketing audience with fluff and then
for your remarketing audience make sure
to leverage third parties third party
content that like positions yourself or
your product as the go-to solution for
the thing that you do tip number five
was to have a constant communication
with your sales team always check in uh
we talked about lead alerts is like a
good in between but also make sure you
have that face to face tip number six
was was to have a monthly and quarterly
maintenance plan so uh Justin mentioned
a checklist you can put together a
checklist for yourself and make sure
you're actually going through the things
and the Motions to make sure you're
successful tip number seven was to
experiment with Organic content and then
if it works organically you can now
guarantee distribution and scale it with
paid and then tip number eight was use
to use LinkedIn thought leader ads make
sure that you're actually putting
yourself in your own shoes and saying
hey what I be willing to promote this
thing and if the answer is yes then
great go ahead and do so and then tip
number nine was to leverage LinkedIn ad
scheduling so if you need a tool Justin
has a tool at demand sense that you guys
can check out if not you can do it the
uh resourceful way and just do the
LinkedIn PK import feature or just set a
reminder for yourself and just go in and
and make it happen and finally tip
number 10 was to leverage sales
navigator to maximize your organic Reach
This was awesome I just want to close
out with one last thing you mentioned
something on LinkedIn that I thought was
so insightful that it would be like
perfect to the end this episode with
which is you said LinkedIn is very much
like SEO you want to just like give some
parting wisdom on that on that
phrase yeah the the the thing I I kind
of realized over time and again because
I came up through upwork and then I came
through lead gen is I constantly
realized that most organizations
experience and experiments with uh
marketing is usually starts with paid
search and SEO now SEO is very different
than paid search because SEO is
something that takes time to build
momentum and then it pays dividends down
the road paid search is very
transactional usually Facebook ads
people are looking for more usually
transactional then they move to like
email which is kind of transactional and
then they get to LinkedIn ads that's
usually when they come to LinkedIn ads
that's the order and they're thinking
that it's going to be like paid surge
it's going to be like Facebook leads
it's going to be like email so they're
they're wanting and thinking that this
is going to be transactional and my
whole point is it's actually way more
like SEO where you're going to build and
test with Organic you're going to
amplify with ads you're going to take
whatever you've done in other areas and
convert and as you build up your
marketing ecosystem LinkedIn ads is
going to build more and more momentum
and more efficiency based on everything
else you're doing versus it being this
transactional in a silo Channel like
maybe some of the other ones you might
be expecting and so to have that
long-term momentum building uh mentality
is going to set you up for a lot more
success than if you approach it maybe as
a yeah Silo transactional uh channel
that many people think uh and feel that
it might be totally Justin thanks so
much for being here if people want to
connect with you where can they find
you uh they can find me on LinkedIn if
you search for Justin row rwe usually
one of the first ones that pop up
impactable tocom is our LinkedIn ads
agency and then I also have a YouTube
channel with like 400 plus uh videos
there's a LinkedIn ads 101 playlist that
is pretty much like a you know $200 $300
uh howto series but it's free uh so
check that out if you want like
actionable howto screen share videos
yeah those are the three best places to
find me awesome thank you so much for
being here Justin and thank you
everybody for watching if you're not
subscribed already be be sure to do so
and we'll see you in the next episode